well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight I'm going to start you
off with two quotes the first quote is I
have to get rid of judges the second
quote is and frankly we should get rid
of judges I know they're pretty much the
same thing I just want to be very clear
this isn't something taken out of
context and it wasn't off-the-cuff
remark this is something he has said
multiple times you can find that second
quote on the White House website this is
the President of the United States
advocating for the abandonment of the
rule of law and the end of due process
that's what it is now he can't really
form a coherent sentence but it does
seem from context that he's only talking
about immigration judges that's nice I
mean it's a bonus you know he's not
talking about suspending due process
across the entire country just yet but
that does appear to be what he's talking
about the funny part about this is now
when Trump is speaking if you pay
attention when he's got his mouth open
really wide you can actually see Stephen
Miller's hand in there running it if
you're not familiar with Stephen Miller
he's the White House adviser he's the
architect behind the travel ban
separation of migrant families is the
reduction of Rep all of it all of it was
Stephen Miller and it certainly appears
that President Trump has now abdicated
to him and has willingly become his
puppet we're no longer dealing with
President Trump we are dealing with
President Miller president Miller seems
to be under the impression that getting
rid of due process will speed
deportations that's probably true that
is probably true historically mass
deportations are preceded by getting rid
of due process
they're also followed by concentration
camps that's where we're at another step
down that road and nobody seems to care
those people who should in theory care
the most the conservatives the Patriots
the three percenters they're ignoring it
because it's their team bumper sticker
patriotism at its finest
now I know there may be some people out
there who are saying well I mean they're
illegals why do they need to see a judge
but what are you gonna do when they come
for you well that's stupid I'm not any
legal I'm an American citizen who you
gonna tell there's no judge I'm a trust
ice need to ask Lance Corporal Ramos
Gomez how that worked out for him he was
a Marine served in Afghanistan got
picked up by ice with his US passport
clearly a US citizen slated for
deportation or Peter Brown out of
Philadelphia or the guy from here in
Florida can't remember his name who was
slated to be deported to Jamaica
although he had only been there one time
on a cruise maybe it's not a good idea
to just let bureaucrats do what they do
because there's gonna be a lot of false
deportations without judges without
legal proceedings that's why due process
is so important that's why it was
enshrined in the Constitution I
understand that you know it you just
like the We the People part so you can
put it as a profile picture but the rest
of the document is pretty important
when they are done with the the Mexicans
from the four different Mexico's they
will come for you that's how this works
that's how it always works it's how it
always works you are next and you won't
have due process anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night